slides/results.md, before:

# Results

-

## Spectrum

![Spectrum of the theory showing masses of states scaled by the gradient flow scale w0](plots/spectrum_scaled.svg) <!-- .element: width="1300px" -->

-

## Scalar as the lightest state

![A plot of the ratio of the scalar glueball to the 2+ scalar baryon](plots/scalar_ratio.svg) <!-- .element width="65%" -->


-

## Finite-size hyperscaling]

* (Near-)conformal behaviour $\Rightarrow$ scaling of state masses with PCAC mass: $$L\cdot aM_{\mathsf{X}}=f\\left(L(am_{\mathsf{PCAC}})^{1/(1+\\gamma_*)}\\right)$$
* Fit this for unknown functional form
  * Global minimisation of piecewise linear fits
  * For more detail see [2103.10485](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.10485) and references therein

-

## Finite-size hyperscaling fits

![Scatter plots of mass scaled by the FSHS relation, showing data aligning at different values of the anomalous dimension for each beta considered](plots/fshs.svg) <!-- .element: width="1300px" -->

-

## Chiral perturbation theory

Test also the Ansatz:

\begin{align}
w_0^2 m_{2_{\mathsf{S}}^+}^2 =&\\; 2B\cdot w_0 m_{\mathsf{PCAC}}(1+LD_1 w_0 m_{\mathsf{PCAC}} \ln (D_2w_0 m_{\mathsf{PCAC}})) \\\\
 &+W_1\cdot am_{\mathsf{PCAC}} \\\\
 &+ \frac{W_2}{w_0^2}
 \end{align}

-

## Chiral perturbation theory fit

![Scatter plot of 2-plus scalar baryon state normalised to string tension against PCAC mass with same normalisation, showing also the points predicted from chiral perturbation theory for the same PCAC masses and beta values. As beta increases, the divergence of the prediction from the data increases.](plots/Xpt.svg) <!-- .element: width="800px" -->

Commit message:

add note about mode number

slides/results.md, after:

# Results

-

## Spectrum

![Spectrum of the theory showing masses of states scaled by the gradient flow scale w0](plots/spectrum_scaled.svg) <!-- .element: width="1300px" -->

-

## Scalar as the lightest state

![A plot of the ratio of the scalar glueball to the 2+ scalar baryon](plots/scalar_ratio.svg) <!-- .element width="65%" -->


-

## Finite-size hyperscaling]

* (Near-)conformal behaviour $\Rightarrow$ scaling of state masses with PCAC mass: $$L\cdot aM_{\mathsf{X}}=f\\left(L(am_{\mathsf{PCAC}})^{1/(1+\\gamma_*)}\\right)$$
* Fit this for unknown functional form
  * Global minimisation of piecewise linear fits
  * For more detail see [2103.10485](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.10485) and references therein

-

## Finite-size hyperscaling fits

![Scatter plots of mass scaled by the FSHS relation, showing data aligning at different values of the anomalous dimension for each beta considered](plots/fshs.svg) <!-- .element: width="1200px" -->

* Data consistent with fits of the Dirac mode number

-

## Chiral perturbation theory

Test also the Ansatz:

\begin{align}
w_0^2 m_{2_{\mathsf{S}}^+}^2 =&\\; 2B\cdot w_0 m_{\mathsf{PCAC}}(1+LD_1 w_0 m_{\mathsf{PCAC}} \ln (D_2w_0 m_{\mathsf{PCAC}})) \\\\
 &+W_1\cdot am_{\mathsf{PCAC}} \\\\
 &+ \frac{W_2}{w_0^2}
 \end{align}

-

## Chiral perturbation theory fit

![Scatter plot of 2-plus scalar baryon state normalised to string tension against PCAC mass with same normalisation, showing also the points predicted from chiral perturbation theory for the same PCAC masses and beta values. As beta increases, the divergence of the prediction from the data increases.](plots/Xpt.svg) <!-- .element: width="800px" -->
